Q1. List all employee first name, last name, city, state and years of service for employees with over 10 years with the firm. Use only implicit joins.
Q2. List all employee first name, last name, city, state and years of service for employees with over 10 years with the firm. Use only explicit joins.
Q3. Show first name, last name, city, state and whole years of service (no decimal places) for all employees--Order by last name ascending. Use only explicit joins.
Q4. Show first name, last name, city, state and whole years of service (no decimal places) for all employees--Order by last name ascending. Use only implicit joins.
Q5. List the 3 youngest employees first name, last name, branch_name and division_name. Show first name, last name and whole years of age (no decimal places). (Show only three employees) Order by age descending. Use only implicit joins.
Q6. List the 3 youngest employees first name, last name, branch_name and division_name. Show first name, last name and whole years of age (no decimal places). (Show only three employees) Order by age descending. Use only explicit joins.
Q7. Show the first name, last name, branch_name and division_name and the age at hire of the 3 employees who were the oldest when they were hired (Show only three employees) Use only implicit joins.
Q8. Show the first name, last name, branch_name and division_name and the age at hire of the 3 employees who were the oldest when they were hired (Show only three employees)  Use only explicit joins.
Q9. Show all employees without a project. Show the first and last name. Use only explicit joins.
Q10. Show first name, last name, and date_awarded  for all winners of the “Employee of the year” award. Use only explicit joins with using(). 
Q11. Show first name, last name, and date_awarded  for all winners of the “Employee of the year” award. Use only natural joins. 
Q12. Show first name, last name, and date_awarded  for all winners of the “Employee of the year” award. Use only implicit joins. 
Q13. Show first name and last name  for all winners of BOTH the “Employee of the year” and "Best new employee" awards. Use INTERSECT.
Q14. Show first name and last name  for all winners of BOTH the “Employee of the year” and "Best new employee" awards. Use only natural joins.

Q15. Show first name, last name and award_desc for all winners of either the “Employee of the year” or "Best new employee" awards. Use IN

Q16. Show first name, last name and award_desc for all winners of either the “Employee of the year” or "Best new employee" awards. Use only natural joins.
Q17. Show first name, last name and award_desc for all winners of either the “Employee of the year” or "Best new employee" awards. Use UNION.
Q18. Show all employees last name, blog_desc and blog_url. If the employee does not have a blog, show "No Blog" in the blog_desc column and "NA" in the blog_url column. 
Q19. Show all employees last name, branch_name and division_name. If the employee does not have a branch_name or division_name, those columns should be blank. 
Q20. show all employees' first name and last name and the first name and last name of their project manager. If the employee does not have a project manager, the first name and last name of their project manager should be blank. 
Q21. Do a full outer join on the employees, emails and messages tables. Use using().
Q22. Do a full outer join on the employees, emails and messages tables. Use on.
Q23. Show the first name, last name, website_desc and blog_desc for all employees with either a website or a blog. Use UNION ALL. Results should have only three columns: first name, last name and "Website or Blog".
Q24. Show the first name and last name for all employees that have a website but do not have a blog. Use MINUS.
Q25. Show first name and last name for all winners “Employee of the year” award that have not won the "Best new employee" award. Use only natural joins.
Q26. Show first name and last name for all winners “Employee of the year” award that have not won the "Best new employee" award. Use MINUS. 
Q27. List the first name, last name and email_address for all employees with either a gmail or yahoo email address. Use union.
Q28. List the first name, last name and email_address for all employees with either a gmail or yahoo email address. Use an implicit join. 
Q29. List the first name, last name, city, state and email_address of all employees that live in Kansas (KS) and have a linkedup.com email account. Use using() for all joins. 
Q30. Show the first name, last name, and blog_desc for the blogs with the 2nd and 3rd highest hit counts. 
